Access modifiers are object-oriented programming that is used to set the accessibility of classes, constructors, methods, and other members of Java.
Using the access modifiers we can set the scope or accessibility of these classes, methods, constructors, and other members. 

Private: We can access the private modifier only within the same class and not from outside the class.
         When the methods or data members are prefixed with a private access modifier, the visibility of these methods and data members are restricted so, 
         they can be accessed only within the same class where they have been declared, they will not be visible to the outside world. 
         If we have another class from the same package still, we will not be able to access these methods or data members. 
         So usually, we keep the class variables and methods as private, which are intended to be used inside the same class where declared.  

Default: We can access the default modifier only within the same package and not from outside the package. 
         And also, if we do not specify any access modifier it will automatically consider it as default.
         It is not a keyword. Any Java members such as class or methods or data members when not specified with any access modifier 
         they are by default considered as default access modifiers.  
         These methods or data members are only accessible within the same package and they cannot be accessed from outside the package.
         It provides more visibility than a private access modifier. But this access modifier is more restricted than protected and public access modifiers.

Protected: We can access the protected modifier within the same package and also from outside the package with the help of the child class. 
           If we do not make the child class, we cannot access it from outside the package. So inheritance is a must for accessing it from outside the package.
           It is a keyword. 
           This access modifier is used to access the methods or data members of a class within the same package as well as outside the package but only through inheritance.
           The protected access modifier has more accessibility than private and defaults access modifiers. 
           But it has less visibility than the public access modifier.

Public: We can access the public modifier from anywhere. 
        We can access public modifiers from within the class as well as from outside the class and also within the package and outside the package.
        It is a keyword. If a class member like variable, method, or data members are prefixed with a public access modifier, 
        then they can be accessed from anywhere inside the program. 
        That is, they can be accessed within the same class as well as from outside the different classes. 
        It also includes access within the same package and also from outside the package. 
        The members like variables, methods, and other data members can be accessed globally. 
        Using public access modifiers we can provide access to the members most simply. 
        There are no restrictions on public access modifier members. Hence, it has the widest accessibility or visibility scope as compared to the rest of the access modifiers.